Rephrase (#3633)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/how-to/hip_porting_driver_api.rst

The memory copy API requires additional explanation. The CUDA driver includes the memory direction in the name of the API (``cuMemcpyH2D``), while the CUDA driver API provides a single memory copy API with a parameter that specifies the direction. It also supports a "default" direction where the runtime determines the direction automatically.
HIP provides APIs with both styles, for example, ``hipMemcpyH2D`` as well as ``hipMemcpy``.

> 
> .. first:
> 
> The first version might be faster in some cases because it avoids any host overhead to detect the different memory directions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first version might be faster in some cases because it avoids any host overhead to detect the different memory directions.
```

-----------------------------------------

HIP-Clang generates initialization and termination functions for each translation unit for host code compilation. The initialization functions call ``__hipRegisterFatBinary`` to register the fat binary embedded in the ELF file. They also call ``__hipRegisterFunction`` and ``__hipRegisterVar`` to register kernel functions and device-side global variables. The termination functions call ``__hipUnregisterFatBinary``.

.. only:

> HIP-Clang emits a global variable ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` of type ``void**`` with ``linkonce`` linkage and an initial value of 0 for each host translation unit. Each initialization function checks ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` and registers the fat binary only if ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` is 0. It saves the return value of ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` to ``__hip_gpubin_handle``. This is to guarantee that the fat binary is only registered once. A similar check is performed in the termination functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HIP-Clang emits a global variable ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` of type ``void**`` with ``linkonce`` linkage and an initial value of 0 for each host translation unit. Each initialization function checks ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` and registers the fat binary only if ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` is 0. It saves the return value of ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` to ``__hip_gpubin_handle``. This ensures that the fat binary is only registered once. A similar check is performed in the termination functions.
```

-----------------------------------------

HIP-Clang generates initialization and termination functions for each translation unit for host code compilation. The initialization functions call ``__hipRegisterFatBinary`` to register the fat binary embedded in the ELF file. They also call ``__hipRegisterFunction`` and ``__hipRegisterVar`` to register kernel functions and device-side global variables. The termination functions call ``__hipUnregisterFatBinary``.

> 
> .. only:
> 
> HIP-Clang emits a global variable ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` of type ``void**`` with ``linkonce`` linkage and an initial value of 0 for each host translation unit. Each initialization function checks ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` and registers the fat binary only if ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` is 0. It saves the return value of ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` to ``__hip_gpubin_handle``. This ensures that the fat binary is only registered once. A similar check is performed in the termination functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HIP-Clang emits a global variable ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` of type ``void**`` with ``linkonce`` linkage and an initial value of 0 for each host translation unit. Each initialization function checks ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` and registers the fat binary only if ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` is 0. It saves the return value of ``__hip_gpubin_handle`` to ``__hip_gpubin_handle``. This ensures that the fat binary is registered once. A similar check is performed in the termination functions.
```

When the executable or shared library is loaded by the dynamic linker, the initialization functions are called. In the initialization functions, the code objects containing all kernels are loaded when ``__hipRegisterFatBinary`` is called. When ``__hipRegisterFunction`` is called, the stub functions are associated with the corresponding kernels in the code objects.

.. first:

HIP-Clang implements two sets of APIs for launching kernels.

> By default, when HIP-Clang encounters the ``<<<>>>`` statement in the host code, it first calls ``hipConfigureCall`` to set up the threads and grids. It then calls the stub function with the given arguments. The stub function calls ``hipSetupArgument`` for each kernel argument, then calls ``hipLaunchByPtr`` with a function pointer to the stub function. In ``hipLaunchByPtr``, the real kernel associated with the stub function is launched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when HIP-Clang encounters the ``<<<>>>`` statement in the host code, it first calls ``hipConfigureCall`` to set up the threads and grids. It then calls the stub function with the given arguments. The stub function calls ``hipSetupArgument`` for each kernel argument, then calls ``hipLaunchByPtr`` with a function pointer to the stub function. In ``hipLaunchByPtr``, the actual kernel associated with the stub function is launched.
```

When the executable or shared library is loaded by the dynamic linker, the initialization functions are called. In the initialization functions, the code objects containing all kernels are loaded when ``__hipRegisterFatBinary`` is called. When ``__hipRegisterFunction`` is called, the stub functions are associated with the corresponding kernels in the code objects.

> .. first:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The ``hipModule_t`` interface does not support the ``cuModuleLoadDataEx`` function, which is used to control PTX compilation options.
HIP-Clang does not use PTX, so it does not support these compilation options.

.. always:

> In fact, HIP-Clang code objects always contain fully compiled code for a device-specific instruction set and do not require additional compilation as a part of the load step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In fact, HIP-Clang code objects contain fully compiled code for a device-specific instruction set and don't require additional compilation as a part of the load step.
```
